1.	I'm 22 years old, from Sweden. I play boomkin and resto as offspec. I have over 100 days played in WoD, and I probably have around 150-200 days in total on official servers. 

	http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/darksorrow/Khrubby/advanced
	http://www.wowprogress.com/character/eu/darksorrow/Khrubby

2.	Email: max.bergmark@gmail.com
	Battletag: cremefraiche#2243

3.	Weekend afternoons are perfect for me. I am able to plan work, studies and other activities around your raiding schedule.
	(Saturday 15:00-19:00 and Sunday 14:00-18:00)

4.	In my current guild, my attendance has been 95-100% during HFC. I expect to keep up that attendance. If I ever miss a raid, there is usually a good excuse, but I make sure that I am able to attend raids. I also make sure to inform in advance if I am unable to attend.

5.	I would say that I'm 'quite new' to raiding. I raided some in TBC (Zul'Aman and Karazhan) and a bit more in WotLK (Onyxia, ToC) but those were only pugs. I started raiding seriously in WoD, and I have been progressing more seriously the last year.
	I killed 4/10M in BRF, and have currently killed 9/13M in HFC.

6.	I have only raided seriously with my current guild, Stress Management on Darksorrow. I have been an officer of the guild for the past six months, planning raids and tracking attendance for all players. I am leaving because the guild is nowhere near as serious as I want to be. 

7.	https://www.warcraftlogs.com/rankings/character/7578965/latest/#boss=0


8.	I base my knowledge of my class from experience, my own ideas, discussions with other players, and simulations. Occasionally, I read on MMOChampion, but the boomkin thread on there is filled with inexperienced players. I also go through my own logs, and the logs of the top ranked boomkins, and analyze how my performance is affected by both gear, differences in playstyle and overall guild composition. This has proved to be an effective way of improving as a boomkin (or any other class for that matter).

9.	http://imgur.com/St0n4Nt
	That's a typical look of my UI in combat. I tend to do minor changes during raids, tracking specific cooldowns or fight events.

10.	I have one other character in level 100 (a paladin), but the playstyle didn't appeal to me. Thus, I have not geared it properly or focused on learning the class.

11.	Vudak (Vudak#2781) of ScrubBusters-TheMaelstrom
	Kikeni (Belor#2808) of Sydäntalvi-Darksorrow
	Both have 13/13M experience and have played their alts in our guild. 

12.	I found your guild on WoW-progress. I was looking for a guild with high progress, without having a lot of raids. When I searched for guilds with 1-2 raids per week, I saw you and knew that I had found what I was looking for. I have a hard time to schedule 4-5 raids per week since I'm studying and have two jobs on the side, so both your schedule and your attitude towards the game really appealed to me.

13.	The hardest PvE boss as a raid team must have been Hans&Franz Mythic, but the reason for that was only that other people kept getting stamped. It probably took us 2-3 weeks to get it down. The hardest boss for me personally was Hellfire High Council. I had to go resto, and I was lacking in gear. However, I can't really say that either of these fights have been amazingly hard. Due to our guild's relatively slow progression, we have been carried by our gear, making even hard fights relatively easy. For example, we killed Gorefiend Mythic with about 100 wipes, because of being able to kill Iskar, Zakuun and Socrethar before.

14. I take my role as DPS (or healer) seriously. If there is another boomkin who is able to to more DPS than me with the same gear, I'm doing something wrong. Therefore I strive towards perfection, and I learn from my mistakes. If I die on a boss, I go through my logs to find out how I could have avoided it. I want to raid with other players who are as motivated and serious as I am, and Group Therapy seems like the perfect place. I would love to get a chance to prove that I can pull my weight even in a top ranked guild.

15.	My plans for the next six months are to study and work. I have no plans to travel or be absent for longer periods. My plans for the summer are not set in stone, but the summer is more than six months away.