 10

 7. Observe the traffic and answer the following questions:

	(a) How many packets are transmitted in total (count both directions)?

		20

	(b) What is the range of the sequence numbers used by the sender (Host A)?

		0-10002

	(c) How many packets do not carry a data payload?

		12 (3 from A, 9 from B)

	(d) What is the total number of bytes transmitted in the recorded transfer? (Calculate
	the amount of user data that was transmitted!)

		10416

	(e) Compare the total amount of data transmitted in the TCP data transfer to that of a
	UDP data transfer. Which of the protocols is more efficient in terms of overhead?
	What is the efficiency in percentage for these two protocols?
	(Recall the UDP measurements from the previous lab. How many bytes were sent
	in total using UDP?)

		Total bytes sent with tcp: 11336

		UDP efficiency: 99.2%
		TCP efficiency: 94.0%

11.1

6. Study the list of captured packets. Observe the TCP connection establishment and answer
the following questions:

	(a) Which packets constitute the three-way handshake? Which flags are set in the
	headers of these packets?



	(b) What are the initial sequence numbers used by the client and the server, respectively?



	(c) Which packet contains the first application data?



	(d) What are the initial window sizes for the client and for the server?

		Client: 5840
		Server: 5792

	(e) How long does it roughly take to open the TCP connection?

		About 0.44ms



7. Study the list of captured packets. Observe the TCP connection termination and answer
the following questions.

	(a) Which packets are involved in closing the connection?

		The last 3 packets are involved.

		[FIN, (ACK)]
		[FIN,ACK]
		[ACK]

	(b) Which flags are set in these packets?

		[FIN, (ACK)]
		[FIN,ACK]
		[ACK]



5. Study the captured list of packets and observe the TCP segments that are transmitted.
Answer the following questions.

	(a) How does the server host (Host B) close the connection?
	
		By sending a [RST,ACK]

	(b) How long does the process of ending the connection take?

		0.044ms


12.1

4. Type a few characters in the telnet application. The telnet client (Host A) sends
each character in a separate TCP segment to the server (Host B) which in turn echoes
the character back to the client. Including echoes, we would therefore expect to see four
TCP segments for each typed character.

	(a) How many segments can be seen?
	
	12 for 4 characters

	(b) Describe the payload of each packet.

		First packet is the character.
		Second is an echo and ACK for first packet.
		Third is ACK for the echo.

	(c) Explain why you do not see four packets per typed character.

		The server has a delayed ACKs, so it sends the ACK together with the ECHO

	(d) When the client receives the echo, it waits a certain time before sending the ACK.
	Why? How long is the delay?

		The ACK is sent immediately, but is delayed 150ms by the interface.
		150.277ms delay in total.

	(e) In the segments that carry characters, what window size is advertised by the telnet
	client and by the server? Does the window size vary as the connection proceeds?

		216 bytes window size for the client
		362 bytes window size for the server


5. Type quickly a lot of characters in the telnet application, such as by pressing a key
continuously.

	(a) Do you observe a difference in the transmission of segment payloads and ACKs?

		The characters are bundled together, and the ACKs are bundled with the data packets.



5. Observe the sliding window protocol from the output of Wireshark. The sender
transmits data up to the window size of the receiver. Answer the following questions.

	(a) How often does the receiver send ACKs? Can you see a rule on how TCP sends
	ACKs?



	(b) How many bytes of data does a receiver acknowledge in a typical ACK?



	(c) How does the window size vary during the session?



	(d) Select any ACK packet in the Wireshark trace and note its acknowledgement
	number. Find the original segment in the Wireshark output. How long did it
	take from the transmission until it was ACKed?



	(e) Does the TCP sender generally transmit the maximum number of bytes as allowed
	by the receiver?



darnald@kth.se
alnesjo@kth.se